next up in the set of the star wars and
vans vault collection is the Yoda half
cabs the rest of them over here these
are the ones that everybody seemed to go
after that they really want it now this
set from what i read from what i've
heard three hundred or less pairs of
each five places in the world released
them on saturday last Saturday to in the
USA one in canada one in berlin which is
where i went to eventually to get mine
and overall a very difficult release to
follow track and capture here we have
Yoda with his lightsaber skating where's
Steve would normally be and here
branding to get it started may the force
be with you and inside on the heel this
one here really is a nice shoe very well
done and what I expect of a vault
release buttery soft thick leather and
suede throughout just like with the
black shoe the color remains the same on
the bottom and that familiar waffle
tread pattern
the lace tips on these are special and
let's see if we can focus in here I
think we'll be able to get a better look
on these than we did with the black pair
the color contrast
and the other side
finally got a focused in a great way to
represent with those types of details on
both of these half cabs now the others
didn't cost as much materials are nice
but not the same the lace tips while I
had seen some in pictures that we're
going to have that same type of design
the lace tips on these vaults do not
they're just normal white colorway which
you'll see in the other videos a very
nice pack it took some doing to get him
and the two that I doubled up on I was
happy overall when I was done a couple
of web site crashes on certain ones and
having to spend basically a day or two
not much sleep getting up early going to
bed late but if you don't commit you're
not going to have them the Vans guys
under the palm leaves calm we knew they
were coming even though maybe a week or
two ahead of time they're coming this
week in the fourth how they dropped
got to be on the game to find them and
even then they were tough a great pack
indeed as always you can find me at Sam
Colt 12 all of these links I will
continue to downsize and sell my shoes a
good shoes.com and ebay under Sam Colt
12 loading many often many auctions
going on now to start the Star Wars
series this year the vault packed it
dropped got all six from Berlin in
record time two or three days I'm still
waiting on the doubles and they were
ordered closer to home Yoda half cab the
ones that everybody's chasing buttery
you